Adding the tpcc specific benchmark. (#1)
yugabyte/tpcc: README.md

# TPCC benchmark

> This is a fork of Oltp bench that is used to run the TPCC benchmark. All the other benchmarks have been removed.

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
This is a fork of OLTPBench that is used to run the TPCC benchmark. All the other benchmarks have been removed.
```

Author: done.

Just like the original bencmark this is a multi-threaded load generator. The framework is designed to be able to produce variable rate,
variable mixture load against any JDBC-enabled relational database. The framework also provides data collection
features, e.g., per-transaction-type latency and throughput logs.

## Dependencies

+ Java (+1.7)
+ Apache Ant

## Environment Setup
+ Install Java and Ant.
+ Download the source code.
  ```bash
  git clone https://github.com/yugabyte/tpcc.git
  ```
+ Run the following commands to build:
  ```bash
  ant bootstrap
  ant resolve
  ant build
  ```

## Setup of the Database

> If you start from scratch, you should create an empty database (e.g., for TPC-C you can create a db named <b>tpcc</b>) and provide login credential to the benchmark, by modifying  <b>the workload descriptor file</b>. The ./config directory provides several examples, we now use the sample_tpcc_config.xml. You should edit the following portion:

Reviewer: Please provide ysql commands that users will need to run for this.

Author: There are no ysql commands necessary.
IT creates the DB/table and inserts into the table in the load step.

````xml
<!-- config/sample_tpcc_config.xml -->
    <!-- Connection details -->
    <dbtype>postgres</dbtype>
    <driver>org.postgresql.Driver</driver>
    <DBUrl>jdbc:postgresql://<ip>:5433/yugabyte</DBUrl>
    <username>yugabyte</username>
    <password></password>

>     <isolation>TRANSACTION_READ_COMMITTED</isolation>

Reviewer: Lets make this REPEATABLE_READ instead of READ_COMMITTED since that's the Yugabyte default. As a side note, we bump up "read committed" to be "repeatable read" anyway.

Author: done.
Thanks for the explanation. :)

>     <dbtype>mysql</dbtype>

Reviewer: Lets make this Yugabyte specific.

Author: Done.

````

> The details of the workloads has already been populated in the sample config present in /config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The details of the workloads have already been populated in the sample config present in /config.
```

Author: done

> The workload descriptor works the same way as it is in the upstream branch and details can be found in the [on-line documentation](https://github.com/oltpbenchmark/oltpbench/wiki).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workload descriptor works the same way as it does in the upstream branch and details can be found in the [on-line documentation](https://github.com/oltpbenchmark/oltpbench/wiki).
```

Author: done

## Running the Benchmark
A utility script (./tpccbenchmark) is provided for running the benchmark. The options are

```
-c,--config &lt;arg&gt;            [required] Workload configuration file
   --clear &lt;arg&gt;             Clear all records in the database for this
                             benchmark
   --create &lt;arg&gt;            Initialize the database for this benchmark
   --dialects-export &lt;arg&gt;   Export benchmark SQL to a dialects file
   --execute &lt;arg&gt;           Execute the benchmark workload
-h,--help                    Print this help
   --histograms              Print txn histograms
   --load &lt;arg&gt;              Load data using the benchmark's data loader
-o,--output &lt;arg&gt;            Output file (default System.out)
   --runscript &lt;arg&gt;         Run an SQL script
-s,--sample &lt;arg&gt;            Sampling window
-v,--verbose                 Display Messages
```

## Example

> The following command for example initiate a tpcc database (--create=true --load=true) and a then run a workload as described in config/workload_1.xml file. The results (latency, throughput) are summarized into 5 seconds buckets (-s 5) and the output is written into two file: outputfile.res (aggregated) and outputfile.raw (detailed):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following command, for example, initiates a tpcc database (--create=true --load=true) and then runs a workload as described in config/workload_1.xml file. The results (latency, throughput) are summarized into 5 seconds buckets (-s 5) and the output is written into two file: outputfile.res (aggregated) and outputfile.raw (detailed):
```

Author: done.

> ./tpccbenchmark -c config/sample_tpcc_config.xml --create=true --load=true --execute=true -s 5 -o outputfile

Reviewer: Same: use YB config file in example.
As a next step, we can make `-c` optional and use a default YB tpcc config file.

Author: Done.

```
./tpccbenchmark -c config/workload_1.xml --create=true --load=true --execute=true -s 5 -o outputfile
```

> Since data loading can be a lengthy process, one would first create a and populate a database which can be reused for multiple experiments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since data loading can be a lengthy process, one could first create and populate a database which can then be reused for multiple experiments:
```

Author: done
